This speed
This -- this is a rocket soaring.
Oh, my God.
Top 100 in the world.
This is impossible.
It has rescued the top ten and five in the world.
Total final wealth 3,500
Becoming the second largest in the world
The number one place in the world is
A temple of unrivaled power
Why is the temple so familiar?
Are you the owner of the temple?
The man named Skylark
Doesn't that mean I'm the owner of the temple shop?
Now.
You should know the strength of my richest family, right?
Look at the dragon
The global financial rankings have been refreshed
The second place is
It's Ye Tianci
Who is Ye Tianci?
Never heard of it, oops, you're stupid.
Your dead daddy
Found their long-lost son
The name is said to be Ye Tianci
What do you mean?
Ye Tiansi, this kid has inherited Ye
All the assets of the house
And in the end
He is still the eldest son
The Ye family is inherited by the eldest son
What can we do?
What should I do?
Do you think I have been so many years?
Are you not prepared at all?
My good big brother
Wait a day
I've been waiting a long time.
Incoming plane to southern Xinjiang